add description for aohm contract (#25)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: contracts.md

https://etherscan.io/address/0x24ecfd535675f36ba1ab9c5d39b50dc097b0792e

> When OlympusDAO launched alphaOHM (aOHM) was used as a pre-allocation token.
> Moving forward aOHM will serve as currency in the [Alpha
> Omega](https://medium.com/@alpha_omega/alpha-omega-a-tale-of-two-cities-80a94966376b)
> community lead project. Other than that aOHM has no further impact on OHM or
> or OlympusDAO as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When OlympusDAO first launched, alphaOHM (aOHM) was used as a pre-allocation token which allowed the early participants to lay claim to OHM. Moving forward aOHM will serve as the in-game currency of [Alpha Omega](https://medium.com/@alpha_omega/alpha-omega-a-tale-of-two-cities-80a94966376b), a community-led social game that runs on the blockchain. Other than that aOHM is not relevant to OHM or the operation of OlympusDAO.
```
